> Our adventurers have been captured and imprisoned by the Drow, now awaiting to be sold off as slaves….or possibly worse. You are far from alone, many other prisoners are trapped here with you in this underground outpost far from the light of the sun. While some of them hail the [[Underdark]], many have been abducted to wake up in this hell without ever hearing a word of under-common before they come to with a Drow screaming it at them. 
>
> The Drow have proven to be particularly cruel hosts, taking pleasure in causing pain to their guests: Torture, poison,  experiments, live spider food, ritual sacrifice, even target practice. The Drow have done it to many with a smile whilst others watched on in horror. Not even death provides an escape for some poor souls. Unsatisfied Drow are quick to bring their toy back to life until they had their entertainment fill. There was no exception to be found even the poorly treated male Drow enjoy taunting the prisoners about their future as servants to their kind.
>
> Your captors include a particularly cruel Drow priestess who calls herself [[Mistress Ilvara]] of [[House Mizzrym]]. Over the past several days and weeks, you've all met several times, robed in silken garments and flanked by two male Drow, one of whom has a mass of scars along one side of his face and neck. 
>
> Recently, some utterings of madness and demonic activity across the Underdark began to stir in the camp. Now the behavior in Velkynvelve has changed, many of the Drow guards dawned combat gear and left heading north toward their capital city of [[Menzoberranzan]]. Leaving the Mistress with few hands to keep the outpost running many roles have gone uncovered or have been filled by Quaggoth slaves. The scarred Male Drow first seen with the Mistress began to poorly guard the Slave Pen alone, while looking very unhappy about it.
>
> As you toil away in the cells, you can't escape the her face. Mistress Ilvara only ever smiles with her scourge in hand while she reminds you that your life now belongs to her. "Accept your fate, learn to obey, and you may survive. You belong to us now." Her words echo in your memory, even as you plot your escape. You wouldn't wish this fate upon anyone, yet here you are-locked in a dark cave, the cold, heavy weight of metal tight around your throat and wrists. You are far from alone, many other prisoners are trapped here with you in this underground outpost far from the light of the sun.
>
> The Underdark is filled with twists, turns, and terrain that would love to turn your body into nutrients. With the possible demonic presence and unsavory inhabitants, is survival even possible? Can you even escape the Drow?  Which way do you go to get to the surface when you do?