---
aliases: []
type: character
created: 2023-09-07
campaign: Drakkenheim
faction: ""
race: ""
gender: ""
class: ""
tags:
 - pc
---
## Backstory

Seven originates from the realm of Caspia, the Mediterranean nation to the south of Westemar, past the Glitter Mountains. His life had a particularly unique beginning compared to most others. His first memories are not of birth or childhood, but rather of his creation.

He first awoke in a state of confusion, in a strange room, with a peculiar woman standing over him, a wide smile on her face. Frozen in place, he heard the woman say, "Oh no, this just won't do," followed by his consciousness fading to black. When he next awoke, he was seated upright in a chair with the same woman standing in front of him. "Alright, you rust bucket, let's see what you can do," she said. He didn't understand what was being asked of him. He looked down, realizing this body of his was not of natural origin. His arms, chest, and legs were covered in an armor that appeared to be made of light white birch wood. Beneath this armor was not flesh, but iron. He was not a human like this woman, but some sort of mechanical creation. Over the next few weeks, this woman, who became known as Evelyn, stayed with him and helped him acclimate to this new life. He learned that the majority of his body was recovered from a scrap heap, and after months of work, she was able to fully rebuild it. She possessed a unique gift, and whether it was the work of a god or some other higher power, she managed to infuse life back into this machine. A few more weeks passed, and his education was progressing. She instructed him in the basics of combat and quickly discovered he had quite the aptitude for it. One day, she led him outside of the workshop for the first time in his life. He was astonished by what he saw. Ramshackle homes lined the streets, and people of all kinds huddled around fires for warmth, while others fought over scraps of moldy bread. "Follow me," said Evelyn as she led him down the road. They walked for a short while and came to a large structure. It was distant, but from the outside, he could hear the sound of clashing metal, followed by screams of agony and cheering. "You're going to be my ticket out of this place," she said to him, pulling him inside.

Three years passed, and Seven, now being referred to as "The Fist," had taken part in countless battles on behalf of his maker. Life was difficult, but together they managed. One day, after a victory, Seven and Evelyn were approached by a lavishly dressed Elven figure. He introduced himself as Lucian von Hoslow, the lord of the noble House Hoslow. Seven was sent to gather his equipment while Evelyn and Lucian discussed some business dealings. Upon returning, Evelyn looked at him with the same smile on her face that she had on the day he first awoke. "We've had a good run, but you're going to serve this man from this day forth." Lucian looked at him and said, "Come along now, I've paid good money for you, so you better produce results." After a few days of travel, he found himself at a grand estate within the city of [[Drakkenheim]], in the neighboring realm of Westemar. He was instructed that from now on, until his death or otherwise, he would serve House Hoslow and would simply be referred to as "Seven." He learned that House Hoslow was famed for having many skilled fighters, and the new purpose for his life was to be a sparring partner so they could further their skills. He continued to serve this house for the next six years, and in doing so, he came to know a few others who also served the house, all with similar names to his. Just numbers, no individuality, no recognition. This wasn't strange to him; other than his time with Evelyn, this was all he ever knew. He felt that he was treated fairly; at the very least, he was given a home and a purpose for his life. But some of the others seemed to be fearful of their masters. He didn't learn why they had this fear until one day, when he was sparring with the eldest son of the family, Einar.

During the years of service, Seven had an impressive record against the noble fighters. Rarely was he bested, and in particular, the eldest son, Einar, had never come close. It's not clear if it was rage or frustration, but one day, a sparring session with Einar went too far. Seven knew that he was not to harm the family, but during this fight, Einar attacked him recklessly. Seven did not understand this, but Einar held great disdain for him. This man, no, machine should not have more power than he, the eldest son of the family and heir to the house. Einar lunged at Seven, and while Seven parried the blow, Einar lost his balance and the butt of Seven's maul connected with his face, shattering his jaw. Almost immediately, the situation turned against Seven. How dare he wound a member of the house. He found himself tied to a post in the estate garden, surrounded by various members of the family, including Einar and the lord of the house, Lucian. He was savagely beaten. Now weak and broken, he was discarded like trash, as if he weren't even valued as a person. He understood the fear the others had. Those of lower status had no power in this world; they were only objects to further the wealth or reputation of those born into power. He thought his maker, Evelyn, had a good heart, but she had also sold him to get ahead in life.

He lay motionless in a pile of trash and scrap just outside the outer city of [[Drakkenheim]] for the next few weeks. While his body was made of wood and iron rather than flesh, the magic that had brought him to life established not just consciousness, but his full being. When his armor was damaged, when his defenses were broken through during sparring, he felt every bit of pain as if his body were flesh. Barely holding onto any consciousness, blind in one eye, he lay there, awaiting death. He slipped in and out of consciousness multiple times, an experience unfamiliar to him, but he began to embrace it as it meant the suffering might soon end. A few more days passed, and in the early morning, he awoke to the sound of rummaging nearby. Maybe he still had a fighting chance in life. The weeks he had spent lying here fueled his contempt for the powerful, urging him to cry out for help. Perhaps whoever it was could pull him from the brink and allow him more time to right the wrongs inflicted on those like him. He barely managed to cry out, "Help," followed by silence. The sound of rummaging ceased, and footsteps drew near. "JILLIE, GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE. THIS FELLA IS ALIVE!" shouted the figure now standing above him. Consciousness escaped him, and for a time, he thought he was finished.

Weeks, possibly months later, to his surprise, he awoke again. A figure stood beside him. "Evelyn..." he uttered as his vision began to clear. However, he saw not Evelyn, but a short man wearing an intricate pair of goggles. "There we are, friend. You're in good hands," the man said. "No matter what happened, no one deserves what was done to you. I'm glad we're able to give you a second chance." Seven always thought he understood kindness, but looking back, it always felt so... manufactured to him. This felt genuine. He sat up and looked down at his body. The damage he had taken was severe, and while not perfect, this man had managed to bring this lost cause back from the brink of death. "Your name?" muttered Seven to the man. "Ah yes, Vinlan Proudsky, at your service," the small man replied, bowing. The next few weeks were spent by Seven reacclimating himself to his restored body. This family that had taken him in, Vinlan and Jillie Proudsky, showed him continuous compassion and wanted nothing from him other than to give him another shot at life.

Having spent his whole life in the service of others, he questioned what his purpose was. He pledged to them that he would spend whatever time they had given back to his life in their service, though they were reluctant to accept. He felt it necessary to repay this massive debt to them, and after persistence and many discussions, his new purpose in life became clear. Those born of mages were not given the opportunity to have their own lives. A major group known as the [[Amethyst Academy]] sought to control those capable of manipulating the arcane. If Seven had blood, it would have boiled when he learned this. While he had not directly met him, his new family had a young boy who, being born of mages, would likely develop abilities himself as he grew older. He vowed to Vinlan that no matter what, he would shield this boy from harm and never allow him to be taken away to be thrown into the service of the powerful. Life was good for a time, but Seven had never had an easy life.

Although his body had been restored, it wasn't as strong as it used to be. He occasionally took trips with Vinlan to a forge on the outskirts of town for minor repairs. As fate would have it, he took his final trip out with Vinlan. The two heard commotion as they walked through the streets of [[Drakkenheim]]. After noticing others staring upwards, the pair looked up themselves in horror. The impact of a meteor sent a shockwave across the city, raining hellfire and destruction. He was blasted back by the shockwave but looked over at his dear friend and was devastated. The next thing he recalled was dashing through the street, the cold limp corpse of Vinlan in his arms. He wanted to save his friend's life as he had saved his own, but he had no idea where to turn. He rushed to Vinlan's home, which was beneath a small storefront they owned called Proudsky's Emporium. He turned a corner, almost to his destination, and was met with another tragic sight. There was no longer a store where it should have been, only a pile of smoldering rubble. He fell to his knees and laid Vinlan on the ground in front of him. In his sorrow, he lost focus on his surroundings. Consciousness slipped from him once again. He awoke days later, buried under a [[Sheet]] of brick. A nearby structure's wall must have fallen on him. He no longer had the strength to free himself. He hated this familiar feeling. Once again in his life, he found himself at the mercy of his fate. He lay there for weeks, then months, then years, only able to stare up at the sky above him. Over time, a strange [[Haze]] began to cover the area, but after a while, he thought nothing of it. This city was lost, his new life and family were lost. If not for whatever magic had brought him into being, he would also be lost. The years took a heavy toll on him, feeling regret that he would never be able to fulfill his vow to his friend.

Fifteen years had passed, and he helplessly awaited his rescue or his death, when something strange appeared in the sky. A message... could it be? He had long ceased any attempts to free himself from his confinement in the rubble, but something changed. The time spent in this strange mist had affected him. He closed his eyes for a moment, and after a brief silence, he opened his eyes, steam pouring from the seams of his armor as he shouted, "I WOULD LIKE TO RAGE."
