---
type: session
adventure: "The Wilds Beyond the Witchlight"
location(s): []
date: 2023-04-10
tags: ["#session"]
---

## Session Summary

## Session Event Log

- Goats say some things to us:
	-[Translation] When the moon obstructs the sun, Creeping Lyn will come undone.
	[Translation] Play to her passions. Stay on script. A cat, a horn, or a shadow ripped.
	[Translation] he fool’s scepter is the key
- Amador is somewhere on the throne path
- Goats direct us to take the throne path
- Gizzerk falls asleep on a throne
- [Translation] I am a traveler from a distant land.
My name is Mazikoth, Keeper of Stars.
Sit on my throne, disciple, and unravel.
- He sees some shit about stars  turdis woudl have loved to
- Amidor is on the run after freeing Pollenella, a queen bee, from a cyclops beekeeper. The two of them crossed paths with Gleam, and, after hearing the elf’s sorry tale, Amidor resolved to help her.
- Endelyn Moongrave snipped off Gleam’s shadow using a pair of magic scissors and has imprisoned her twin sister, Glister. The rule of hospitality prevents the hag from harming Glister, but Gleam can sense her sister’s distress. The twins work as an acrobatic duo, and they used to be star performers in the Witchlight Carnival. Gleam wants to free her sister and find a way back to the carnival—perhaps with the help of the Fey Beacons
- Endelyn believes her own demise will occur during an eclipse. Because there is no moon in the sky over Yon, the hag assumes the eclipse will be a symbolic display, rather than a literal one. Since the Selenelion twins are the living embodiment of the moon and the sun, the hag decided to separate the elf sisters, releasing one while keeping the other as her “guest.” By keeping the twins apart, the hag hopes to forestall her doom
- An elf prince named Alagarthas made a bargain with Endelyn and now finds himself trapped in Yon.
- We fought a group of shadows
- 