---
type: session
adventure: "The Wilds Beyond the Witchlight"
location(s): [Witchlight Carnival]
date: 2022-11-03
tags: ""
---

## Session Summary

The adventurers arrived at the outskirts of the Witchlight Carnival, each possessing a letter informing them to come to get back what they had lost, and each wearing a cloth necklace with the #8. Outside of the carnival they encountered a white harengon, [[White Hare]], who appears to have been the one to send them the letters. [[White Hare]] tells the adventurers to get to the [[Prismeer]].

The group enters the carnival, unable to pay the specific currency the ticket seller is asking for. They each recieve a ticket to enter, but are each restricted while at the carnival. 

- Gizzerk must not lie
- Drayloc does weird Unicorn things
- Turdis must compliment everyone that he meets

The group proceeds to the Lost Possessions booth to inquire about what they had lost. This did not pan out as they were told what was lost could not be retrieved. They were asked to bring back a boy that ran off and successfully did so. They were then thanked by a large cat telepathically.

The group then set off towards the dragonfly rides to try to get a higher vantage point to find [[White Hare]].

## Session Event Log
- Encountered a Harengon ([[White Hare]]) who seemed to be the one that sent us the letters.
	- He told us to get to the [[Prismeer]]
- Ticket-man Nicolas gave us tickets in exchange for a rule being played on us
	- Turdis must compliment everyone met
	- Gizzerk must not lie
	- Drayloc must have an unhealthy obsession with Unicorns.
	- The consequence of not following these restrictions wasn't inquired about.
- Wandered to the **Lost Possessions** booth
	- Encountered girl named Dirla, a large Cat, and a boy named Viro
	- We were told that "what was lost could not be retrieved"
	- Viro ran away, we were asked to get the him back
	- Gizzerk talked the Viro into returning
	- Cat thanked us telepathically
- Went over to the Dragonfly rides
