---
type: session
adventure: "The Wilds Beyond the Witchlight"
location(s): []
date: 2023-03-01
tags: ["#session"]
---

## Session Summary

## Session Event Log

- Gizzerk summons some pixies to help us if we need
- Sewing room
- Red cap patch has ~4 red caps
- We loot the store room and find a few things
- Drayloch turns into a stegasaurus
- We start fighting Skabatha
- She bamfs out after we beat the shit out of her
- We go into the kitchen and see a kid chained to the workbench and an iron grate on the ground
- We show Bobi we're part of the Anti-Hourglass Coven
	- Worked with Alleywick previously
	- They had 4 people trying to save Zybilna
	- Valor's Call was the name of their group
	- Most of his companions were beat up
	- Elcorn is the dwarf
- We find a fire elemental creature speaking a language we don't know inside of the oven
- We let him out and he goes to fight red caps in the garden
- We go into her study, steal some shit, drayloch steals books
- We go up into her bedroom and steal a dollhouse
- > The shelves contain books of Feywild lore, all written in Elvish, each of which has a withered frog’s body stitched into its spine. Kissing the frog or stroking it with a moistened finger causes the frog to croak the book’s title in Elvish. Notable tomes include the following:
	All Things Sticky, Slippery, and Sweet, written for children, illustrates and describes substances that would fascinate them, such as boggle oil, troll spittle, and various flavors of tree sap.
	Fantasma Demento’s Codicil of Conundrums is a lavishly illustrated book of fey puzzles and riddles. Answers to the puzzles and riddles are written in invisible ink.
	gobliN eht fo hguaL tsaL is a thin, illustrated book describing nilbogs, who are capricious fey spirits that possess goblins, foment chaos in goblinoid society, and use their magic to drive others to do the opposite of what they desire. All the book’s writing is backward.
	Pity He’s an Elf is a collection of illustrated short stories about an elf adventurer named Aethyn Ourglas, who travels the Feywild and befriends dangerous creatures in surprising ways.
	The Queen’s Gowns depicts and describes famous gowns worn by the Summer Queen, with asides written by the gowns’ equally famous designers.
	Tales from the Gloaming Court is a set of eleven hefty, green-covered, illustrated books filled with stories and illustrations of Feywild intrigue that shed light on the Seelie and Unseelie courts. (Volumes 3 and 8 are missing from Skabatha’s collection and can be found in chapter 4.)
	Three Rules to Rule By is a thin, dog-eared book that describes the rules of hospitality, ownership, and reciprocity in detail (see “Rules of Conduct” in chapter 2).
	Twilight Tides is a fat, wrinkled book about navigating the oceans of the Feywild.

> Almost everything about this bedroom is orderly, from the bed with the patchwork quilt to the ornamental pigs arranged in a neat row on the dresser. Such tidiness is at odds, however, with the decaying dollhouse sitting on the bedside table. This three-foot-tall edifice has seen better days and is now besmirched by peeling paint, mold, and rot.
	Behind the dollhouse, by the window, moths flutter inside a large bell jar. Facing one another along the outer wall are a pair of doors. Next to the door closest to the staircase is a wooden rocking cradle with a neatly folded blanket in it.
- We find a desk with letters next to her room
- > Sister,
I don't have Elidon's horn. If I did, I would use it to free Bloodybeak and send it after the jabberwock that lairs in the palace and hunts in your forest. No matter what Endelyn says, that burbling beast of a dragon is a threat to our coven and our three realms. How Zybilna managed to befriend it, I'll never know! Maybe we should ask her-ha ha.
Much love,
Lorna
> Lovely Skab,
The last time I saw the unicorn horn, it was in your possession. Pity you lost it. But fret not! I have gazed into the Orrery of Tragedies, and it has revealed to me that Elidon's horn will be found.
If worse comes to worst, recall that Elidon's mate still dwells in your forest. You could kill Lamorna and take her horn-assuming, of course, you're not too busy making toys.
Your darling sister,
End
> Dear Sister,
There's no use asking Endelyn if she has the horn. She doesn't tell us anything! But if we don't find it soon, I fear what the jabberwock will do after it gets tired of prowling the forest and turns its fiery gaze elsewhere. Gods' bodkins, that thing gives me nightmares!
Must I remind you that we need a unicorn's horn to free creatures from the cauldron's time-freezing magic? It's not enough to know their true names, you know. Of course, my greater concern is that someone else finds the horn and uses it for exactly that purpose. What do you think Zybilna will do to us, we treacherous three, if she's no longer bound by her cauldron's magic?
Your beloved sister,
Lorna
- We find Will tussling with a Tin Soldier behind us
- > This dormitory nestles in the tree boughs and has round windows overlooking a wooden balcony. Lining the walls are ten child-sized bunks outfitted with patchwork quilts and straw-stuffed pillows.

	A young male dwarf lies in one of the bunks, coughing and drenched in sweat, while an older lad mops his brow with water from a bucket. Two doors exit the room: one leads to a balcony, the other deeper into the tree.