---
type: session
adventure: "The Wilds Beyond the Witchlight"
location(s): []
date: 2023-06-14
tags: ["#session"]
---

## Session Summary

## Session Event Log

- In the secret library, we take a nappy nap while Drayloch scouts the outside of the castle with his arcane eye
- The hags may have been tracking us using the eyes
- Turdis tells the group he is going to take a moment with the eyes, they leave the room, but he just puts them in the bag of holding.
- We leave out the opposite entrance of the room and find:
	- This hallway has a sunken floor filled to a depth of three feet with dark water. Lanterns lit with flickering blue flames hang from the ceiling thirty feet above by short chains, spaced roughly ten feet apart. They produce eerie, ghostlike reflections off the water. As you take in the scene, an empty sailboat drifts into view from farther down the hall and makes its way toward you.
- Gizzerk guides the boat, Turdis looks down into the water and keeps saying pale faces, sometimes distant realms
- Gizzerk guides us to a wooden door down the hallway, then smites it with his woodcutters axe
- We see:
	Flies buzz throughout this chamber, and the grimy marble floor is crawling with maggots. Eight wicker cradles stand upright in the filth. Lashed to each cradle is a three-foot-long, curved wooden pole with a mobile consisting of three ornaments dangling at the top of it. Each ornament appears to be a triangular piece of white wood with an Elvish letter carved into it. Small, misshapen creatures nesting in the cradles reach toward the symbols with their claws but can't quite grab them.
- The elvish letters are: A I B L Z Y N. Anagram for Zybilna
- The mishapen creatures are manifestations of suppressed negative emotions
- We discuss possibilties of what would happen if these were "eliminated" and the emotions were returned to Zybilna or something
- We go further down the hall way and find a room containing mannequins
- On one cloak in the room we find the name stitched "natasha", on a child sized cape
- We go into a hallway with wooden panels, we find heads behind each hatch
	- Ogre: Bah
	- Hobgoblin: Gah
	- Harpy: Bah
	- Bugbear: Yah
- We make the doors speak "Babayaga" and we're all teleported, then fall into the middle of a room containing all three hags
- They just go hard on our bitch asses
- We fight them off, fuck the hags, down with the bitches
	- A human knight with a thick mustache and a look of surprise on his face was apparently thrown backward through the jagged hole and now hangs in the air amid the debris. The knight wears a helm adorned with feathery wings, and he is holding a longsword and a shield.