---
type: session
adventure: "The Wilds Beyond the Witchlight"
location(s): []
date: 2023-01-04
tags: ["#session"]
---

## Session Summary

## Session Event Log

- The group discusses the next plan of action
- Turdis and Gizzerk head upstairs to rest
- Dreyloch stays behind to identify something
- Lornlings find us an usher us into Bavlornas chamber
- Turdis prepares to talk to bavlorna with a protection from good and evil cast using the scatterleaf tea
- Dreyloch investigates a few rooms
> This room has two exits. Above each door, mounted on a wooden plaque, is a severed goblin head with its mouth agape. Other furnishings include a sideboard, two cupboards with doors made of wood-framed glass, and a large banquet table covered with plates of half-eaten food and a swarm of feasting flies. A chandelier hangs above the table, its tallow candles filling the room with dim, flickering light. Six mismatched chairs flank the table-three chairs per side.
> A contraption made of entangled copper tubes connects to a pot-bellied boiler and a dozen cylindrical containers, which in turn sprout even more tubes that feed into buckets. Barrels are clustered in the southeast corner, and a worktable in one corner of the room has bits of copper and metalworking tools strewn across it. Light filters in through the green, diamond-shaped panes of glass set into the window.
- Bavlorna wants us to sneak into her sister "scabithas home" and steal a portrait
- Clapperclaw was "made" by Scabitha
- We accepted the quest from Bavlorna
- Skabatha’s portrait is displayed in a circular room in the heart of Loomlurch, alongside portraits of her three sisters: Bavlorna, Endelyn, and Tasha.
- "We don't talk about Tasha, no no no"
- Morgot, in the holding cells of Downfall can help fly
- A new king of the bullywugs
- Illig wants to "help" us get this person out of jail
- Gizzerk ripped the door off of the jail
- Morgot introduces herself to the party, she seems to be a pilot
- We inform Morgot that Wigglewaggle died saving Sir Talivar
- We try an intricate plan to ferry morgot through downfall to the balloon
- Squirt, the oil can, can get us over to Yon
- Boggle Oil, manifested from the children, nightmare fuel