---
type: session
adventure: "The Wilds Beyond the Witchlight"
location(s): []
date: 2023-02-08
tags: ["#session"]
---

## Session Summary

## Session Event Log

- In the kitchen, when enslaved by skabitha, there was a dwarf with a similar necklace to us, locked in the floor. Bobi - Male dwarf
- Clapperclaw has grown worried, going to stay behind with little oak, he doesn't want to be used by the hags
- Squirt has asked to be used like a rolling pin
- Ginger haired elf girl - Sloan
- Little oak - treant
- Zennor -
- Gizzerk does a bunch of posing with gizzerk
- Will plans to draw attention to granny nightshades garden
- Granny meets guests in her parlor
- In the middle/back of the log thing there are some paintings
- We should proceed inside and try to rescue kids
- Will is going to enter from the kitchen and meet us in the middle
- Exit through the red cap patch
- She can turn herself into a tiny person
- Aviary is somewhere up in the back
- Goblin minion guy - Chucklehead
- The hag loves to make deals, maybe we can make a deal with her
- Will gives us an hourglass to let us know when we need to be talking to the hags
- We come across another set of the dragon tracks, have a chat about fighting dragons
-  We get attacked by some red caps on the road and murder the shit out of them
- > The forest is at its darkest here. Up ahead, a colossal dead oak lies on its side. Three living trees grow naturally out of its fallen remains. Their shapes resemble towers, with candlelit windows twinkling in the gloom and wooden balconies encircling gnarled branches. On one side of the fallen tree, firelight spills from a pair of quaint storefront windows, illuminating a clearing filled with merchant stalls.
- > Three stalls selling candy are situated in this clearing, lit by windows carved into the giant fallen tree to one side of it. Two goblins are working in each stall, and the whole enterprise is watched closely by a goblin with a toffee apple head who appears to be muttering quietly to himself.
- Beetles encased in hard candy, lollipops made of compacted ants, jellied worms, ground up earwigs and honey, bonemeal
- Turdis gets a ant-infused lollipop that does "something magical"
- 