---
type: session
adventure: "The Wilds Beyond the Witchlight"
location(s): ["Prismeer"]
date: 2022-11-22
tags: ["#session"]
---

## Session Summary

## Session Event Log

- The adventurers are in a wild swamp
- Balloon crashed off in the distance
- Group follows Gizzerk, searching for the crashed balloon
- In a bog, the group finds a pair of armor that becomes animated. They appeared to mimic our movements.
- Avoiding conflict, the group proceeded following Gizzerk's nose.
- The group encounters a stream that displayed strange reflections.
- Drayloch played with the water and wasn't able to discern what magic/etc.. it contained.
- Gizzerk bites a laughing bubble.
- Group encounters a crumbling tower with the crashed balloon hanging from it.
- Someone whispers to us for help in the balloon
- "I'm in a bit of a bind, as you can observe. I, Sir Talavar, as one of the Summer Queen's loyal servants, ask that you free me. You see, I was in the midst of a daring escape from the vile Bavlorna Blightstraw when our balloon was set upon by an ill wind and sent plummeting to its current unfortunate location. My pilot, the honorable Wigglewog, did not survive. I've been trapped up here for a while now. Help me. I must tell my queen of the fall of Prismeer!"
- Fought two giant snakes while trying to get to the tower
- Turdis and Gizzerk both fell in combat, and managed to pull it together to finish the fight.
- One of the two snakes disintegrated when it was burned to death.
- Turdis passed out on the ground outside the tower while Drayloch and Gizzerk went in.
- After going up the tower, they pulled in the basket and found a silver bird cage containing Sir Talavar.
- Secure a key from jingle jangle
- Summer Queen = Zybilna?
- Fey Dragon
- Faint magical aura on the decayed corpse of a snake
- Sir Talavar is in a cage, he was on his way to the summer queen to tell her that Zybilna had fallen
- He seems familiar with the Witchlight Carnival
- Igwills cauldron froze time, which froze zybilna
- Telemay? hill, tunnel that looks like a keylight.
- 