---
type: session
adventure: "The Wilds Beyond the Witchlight"
location(s): []
date: 2023-06-07
tags: ["#session"]
---

## Session Summary

## Session Event Log

- We rest and try to talk to Zennor with sending, we need to talk to Thinnings
- We ascend the rope we left to the north of Wrath, then head into a room to the north
- This candlelit workroom contains tables, dressers, and bunks for the palace staff. Five goblins are frozen in place like statues, caught in the mundane chores of ironing clothes, darning socks, and folding sheets. A row of brass bells is mounted on one wall.
- We find a magical onyx ring in a dresser that eminates illusion magic
- We find Thinnings, he was in the Library when the "freezing" happened and he was not affected. The library is a "temporal library"
- Guardians of the gardens - Wrath/Envy are only summoned when Zybilnas presence is not detected for an amount of time
- Jabberwock was befriended by Zybilna, its in the northern part of the lower castle. She fed it from her Cauldron
- We can free Bloodbeak from the Aviary to try to get the Jabberwock to go away?
- Zennor is in the northwest part of the lower castle
- Giant constantly eating in the Kitchen
- Library is on the east side
- Large portion of the doors are locked
- Thinnings leads us to a little balcony
- This rectangular courtyard is open to the twilit sky. It has no visible floor; instead, a vortex of dark clouds churns below. A marble tower rising from the maelstrom is encircled by seven turrets. Four stone staircases extend from the outer areas of the palace to the tower, each one part of a buttress that spans the void and stabilizes the tower.
- The hags usually hung out upstairs in the Study
- Jabberwock is likely wrapped around the Cauldron, next to frozen Zybilna
- Secret library is upstairs
- Speak with Shone the librarian about the library, can find him in the lower library
- Beanstalk grew into the tower/kitchen
- "Giant" is in the banquet hall north of the kitchen
- Gizzerk puts back the onyx ring and Thinnings hands us about 10 gold and silver rings each
- We can ring bells upstairs to try to call in Thinnings to help
- Go back out, enter from the east side
- Central tower upstairs on the third floor can get us through doors by putting our names in a black book
- Members of the league of malevolence are around the castle
- We go back down the rope, then go towards the door Thinnings told us to go to
- The doors swing open to reveal a crystal carriage hitched to a pair of glass statues shaped like pegasi. Folded silk butterfly wings are attached to the roof of the carriage.
- Running the length of this oblong room is a rug woven with images of thorny white roses. Each of the doors on the north and south walls has an alabaster pedestal standing inside the room beside it. Atop each pedestal is an alabaster vase that holds several long-stemmed white roses. Carved into the vase are the words "Take one" in Common.
- We each take a rose as we walk through the room
- We come across a door that is adorned with a lion that appears to be locked
- Gizzerk rings his chime and the door unlocks
	- Everything in this tower appears to be frozen in place. A five-foot-wide ledge at floor level circles the room, and a row of five iron levers protrudes from the wall above the ledge on the far side of the room. Five feet below the ledge is the surface of a pool of reeking sludge. Five slender, gilded cages dangle from chains that hang down from holes in the sixty-foot-high ceiling. Three of the cages are occupied. Suspended in midair outside each cage is a pixie holding a tiny, gilded wand.
- We take a room to the north
- Doors marked with the hart grow doorknobs
- We find zennor in the northwest most room of this cooridor
- Zennor tells us the dragon is to the northeast
- Destroy the Cauldron, could undo the freeze
- Free Zybilna using the horn
- League of Malevolence are near the center on the castle
- Up the stairs, waterlogged hallway, southwest corner of the castle to find the library, enter it from the east side
- There might be something up in Zybilnas vault that can stop the jabberwock from healing itself